Pride and Prejudice,Romance,Jane Austen,none,4,2020,408,Pride and Prejudice follows the turbulent relationship between Elizabeth Bennet the daughter of a country gentleman and Fitzwilliam Darcy a rich aristocratic landowner.
1984,dystopian,George Orwell,Prometheus Hall of Fame Award ,4,2020,328,1984  follows the life of Winston Smith a low ranking member of 'the Party' who is frustrated by the omnipresent eyes of the party and its ominous ruler Big Brother. 'Big Brother' controls every aspect of people's lives.
The Little Prince,allegory,Antoine de Saint-Exupery,Retro Hugo Award for Best Novella,4,2019,128,The narrator introduces himself as a man who learned when he was a child that adults lack imagination and understanding. He is now a pilot who has crash-landed in a desert. He encounters a small boy who asks him for a drawing of a sheep and the narrator obliges.
A Tale of Two Cities,historical,Charles Dickens,none,4,2019,448,It vividly depicts a revolutionary Paris running red with blood and a London where the poor starve. In the midst of the chaos two men - an exiled French aristocrat and a dissolute English lawyer - are both redeemed and condemned by their love for the same woman as the shadow of La Guillotine draws closer.
Animal Farm,Political satire,George Orwell,Prometheus Hall of Fame Award,3,2021,112,The book tells the story of a group of farm animals who rebel against their human farmer hoping to create a society where the animals can be equal free and happy.
Crime and Punishment,Thriller and Suspense,Fyodor Dostoyevsky,none,4,2021,671,Crime and Punishment focuses on the mental anguish and moral dilemmas of Rodion Raskolnikov an impoverished ex-student in Saint Petersburg who formulates a plan to kill an unscrupulous pawnbroker for her money. 
The Notebook,romance,Nicholas Sparks,none,3,2020,276,The Notebook is a contemporary love story set in the pre- and post-World War II era. Noah and Allie spend a wonderful summer together but her family and the socio-economic realities of the time prevent them from being together.
A Christmas Carol,Christmas fiction,Charles Dickens,none,5,2021,100,This is a play about a mean-spirited and selfish old man Ebenezer Scrooge who hates Christmas. One cold Christmas Eve Scrooge is unkind to the people who work for him then refuses to give to charity and then is rude to his nephew when he invites him to spend Christmas with him.
